Overlocking, if you've never heard of it before, is the dark art of forcing
your electronics to perform better than the manufacturer intended. Your
computer CPU, tablet, phone, and any other modern computing devices you might 
own have processors inside them that all have something in common. Their 
performance is dictated by the design, or architecture, and the number of the
cycles that they can perform per second. Which is usually represented as 
frequency or clock speed. So that is where the term overclocking comes from. 
You're taking the clock speed and turning it up over the manufacturer's 
recommendation to get more performance. Now as I said before, clock speed 
is not the only factor. So it's not like you can overclock a calculator to 
perform as well as a gaming pc. With that said, you can make the calculator 
faster relative to it's original state. So how do you do it? Well, first you
have to decide if you actually want to. Overclocking often requires other 
aspects of your device to be run outside of specifications. What will happen
is your device will become unstable as you turn up the speed. You can 
compensate by turning up voltage, but that can cause additional power 
consumption and more heat output. Seasoned overclockers will have experience 
with anything from large heat sinks with fans for cooling to liquid cooling or
even more exotic subzero cooling if they are trying to get maximum performance.
More voltage also increases the risk of failure. So for this reason, many 
manufacturers will actually refuse outright to provide warranty service on 
overclocked electronics. 
